# 11-16-2020

## Meeting Start Time
- 2020/11/16/06:30PM

## Meeting End Time
- 2020/11/16/06:55PM

## Location/Medium
- Zoom

## Attendees
- Present: Chunxiang Yu, Nicholas Burrell, Eli Sokeland, Brayden Gates
- Absent: Joshua Johannsen

## Minute Recorder
- Eli Sokeland

## Topics Discussed
- Project
  - Backend
    - Authentication and basic user is setup.
    - Next, the rating table will be setup.
      - This will have the columns: id, reviewer_id, reviewee_id, category, rating, and notes.
      - Appropriate GraphQL will be expanded to handle this as well.
  - Frontend
    - Need to clean up the header.
    - Need to connect to the backend.
      - Eli will go through the Apollo setup.
    - Landing page will
    - Need to be aware of the login (make a request and set it to the local storage).
  - Looking at Sunday
    - Need documentation!
      - Development documentation is there, somewhat.
      - User documentation is missing.
      - Nicholas will take care of this.
    - Need more tests!
      - Reach for 100% coverage.
      - Frontend: Test interactions and rendering.
      - Backend: Test requests.
      - Eli can clean these up.
- Group assignments
  - No group assignments so far.

## Things Clarified
- Someone needs to ask Dr. Ergin about deployment documentation.
  - Nicholas can talk to Ergin and report his findings tomorrow.
- Need to communicate with the client again for a meeting next week (Monday or Tuesday).
  - Eli will communicate with the client.
