# 11-23-2020
## Meeting Start Time
- 2020/11/23/06:36PM

## Meeting End Time
- 2020/11/23/07:40PM

## Location/Medium
- Zoom

## Attendees
- Present: Eli Sokeland, Evan Fischer, Nick Burrell, Joshua Johannsen, Cunxiang Yu
- Excused: Brayden Gates

## Minute Recorder
- Eli Sokeland

## Topics Discussed
### Retro:
- What went well:
  - Stack change.
  - Eli very on top of it (Backend, rating page, etc.).
  - Nick finished his music degree!
  - Good baby steps!
  - Authentication went better than expected!
- What went wrong:
  - Stack change.
  - Not having experience with some of the technology.
  - Prioritization is difficult.
  - Client went on vacation!
  - Frontend memory leaks and performance issues.
  - Using stories.
  - Lots of work that isn't validated by tests.
- What we can do:
  - Review some stats every other stand up.
  - Meeting on the second with the client.
  - Would like memory leaks and performance issues to be resolved.
  - Look more into deployment.
  - Use Iteration 2 to practice using stories.
  - A bit more test driven development.
- Review Team Rules:
  - 
### Iteration 1 Requirements
- Software requirements
  - Software looked good, had more functionality than expected!
- User Documentation
  - Looks the best. The screenshots were nice.
- Development Documentation
  - Need to have more tests + documentation. But, required stuff looks good.
- Deployment Documentation
  - Useful, but not 100% functional. Good guide though.

## Things Clarified
- Utilize GitHub stories.
- Have Evan in the second iteration planning meeting.
  - Have Evan take over the role of scrum master more.
- Utilize Agile methodologies more.
  - Team rules, points/stories, and retro.
