# 3-22-2021
## Meeting Start Time
- 2021/3/22/6:02PM EST

## Meeting End Time
- 2021/3/22/6:58PM EST

## Location/Medium
- Zoom

## Attendees
- Present: Eli Sokeland, Nick Burrell, Joshua Johannsen, Brayden Gates

## Minute Recorder
- Nick Burrell

## Topics Discussed
- Josh messaged Evan to meet on Thursday for a mentor meeting.
- Reviewed what Eli and Josh got done over the weekend.
  - Can now view individual categories of apprentices, finished by Josh.
  - Eli extended the accessToken to 2 days instead of a few minutes.
  - Title of the webpage got changed to Edusource Rating Service.
- Eli is working on writing tests for the frontend using Crpress.
- We are waiting from a response from Kendra and Jason about how they do tests on the framework.
- Possible ideas for page colors: main page being white, have the cards have a colored box shadow
  - Ask Kendra and Jason for new colors based on Dr. Ergin's request.
- Added a new issue to frontend for admins being able to change a user's type.
  - Josh will work on this issue (mock it up first before writing out code).
- Added a new issue to frontend and backend to account for different user types (apprentice, FTE, and admin).
- Added a new issue to the backend for implementing testing.
- Added a new issue to the backend for an admin removing a user from the system.
- Added a new issue to the backend for removing categories from the system.
- Added a new issue to the frontend for implementing testing.
- For next meeting:
  - Josh should have a mock-up for the manage content page.
  - Nick should work on removing categories or users.

## Things Clarified
- 
