# 9-28-20

## Meeting Time
- 9-28-20 at 6:30pm-7:12pm

## Attendees
- Joshua Johannsen, Evan Fischer, Brayden Gates, Chunxiang Yu, Nick Burrell

## Minute Recorder
- Eli Sokeland

## Meeting Note Details
- Recap discovery meeting with Evan Fischer
  - Getting a basic project completed by Monday to show proficiency in Vue.
- Scrum with meetings on Mondays and Thursdays.
  - Three questions per individual per meeting:
    - Progress from last meeting, what to work for next meeting, and what are you struggling with?
- Someone will act as "Scrum master" per meeting.
  - Ensure that everyone answers those three scrum questions.
- Iterations are typically once per month.
  - Don't expect a full solution, but something should work.
  - There will be a backlog of user stories that we can start working on.
  - Planning is also important at the moment.
- Two key rules of Scrum
  - Team rules
    - Set communication standards with the whole team.
    - Set expectations with the team and keeps everyone accountable
  - Definition of "done"
    - What are the standards that we need before a story is "done."
    - Unit testing, comments, code review of certain number of other members.
    - This is important because it holds other people accountable and in the loop.
- ENFORCE branch restrictions
  - Don't go too hard on it.
  - It might be 80% test coverage.
  - Just do `master`, `develop`, and `feature/`.
  - Can do a "Code of Honor" for hotfixes, if needed.
- Database information
  - Do they have a database of people already?
  - How much do they utilize Azure (functions, database, repo)?
  - Auth0 will be implemented with configuration files (hopefully).
    
