# 10-15-2020
## Meeting Start Time
- 2020/10/15/06:30PM

## Meeting End Time
- 2020/10/15/07:30PM

## Location/Medium
- Zoom

## Attendees
- Present: Chunxiang Yu, Nick Burrell, Eli Sokeland, Joshua Johannsen, Brayden Gates, Evan Fischer

## Minute Recorder
- Eli Sokeland

## Topics Discussed
- Reviewing documents needed to be completed by end of the week.
  - Business Requirements:
    - BR7 is a little uncertain, can be broken down into admins being able to rate and edit/remove ratings.
  - Use Cases:
    - Looks good!
  - Functional and Non-Functional Requirements:
    - Change mobile friendly to non-functional requirement.
  - Domain Model:
    - Had some changes, brought up concern over admin functionality.
  - Techstack:
    - Looks good!
  - Prototype:
    - Just needs mobile design mocked up.
  - First Iteration Features:
- Client Meeting is Tomorrow at 11am!
  - Need to clarify when accounts are created/edited/removed.
  - Who can add/remove categories?
  - Are comments in ratings required?
- Sound Evan Advice:
  - Don't commit to a story unless there is a mockup or client approval.
  - Attach design screenshots to stories.
- Canvas submission
  - After the meeting, make sure that everything is good, submit it, and tell the channel.

## Things Clarified
- The weight of the ratings can be added later down the line.
  - This weight will be determined later on.
- Ratings and people can be archived (not deleted).
- Design: This is 100% a point system.
- No website name at the moment.
  
